mgr/dashboard: Prometheus integration (#25309)
ceph/ceph: src/pybind/mgr/dashboard/HACKING.rst

| DELETE       | Yes        | delete         | 204         |
+--------------+------------+----------------+-------------+

How to use a custom API endpoint in a RESTController?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you have no access restriction you can use ``@Endpoint`` but if you have you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have any access restriction you can use ``@Endpoint``. But if you do
```

> use instead ``@RESTController.Collection`` or ``@RESTController.Resource``, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and ``RESOURCE_ID`` is set you'll have to use ``@RESTController.Collection`` or ``@RESTController.Resource`` instead.
```

Author: You only can use ``@RESTController.Resource`` if ``RESOURCE_ID`` is set, but you can use ``@RESTController.Collection`` without having the ``RESOURCE_ID`` set.

> ``RESOURCE_ID`` is set. ``@Endpoint`` will fail here, as it does not know which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise ``@Endpoint`` will fail here, as it does not know which
```
